and that's what you should never talk about in
your first love date even though
you want you have a lot of money
it is nice
to your pocket not too bad that does not
It can make you take a lot and put them
to cry drunk bad we go to a scene
for ibai 12 drunk
destroyed is what should not be said in
a first love date in part
of man with a lot of mom that's why
I love you, my mom, you, saudi, tease and
I do not touch silver songs either , I think
can sustain a little superficial
but not but conversing with others a little
no and then little by little taking out with
information pointed does not work until daddy
as I have done with someone from what
issues should not be discussed are prohibited
in a first love appointment or the
partying that does not do either
on a bargain 2 barb and talk and talk
those things are not talked about later for more
forward when there are more copies
I noticed that you should not talk in a
first love date as well as when
You went out with Alejandra Baigorria to the movies
a romantic date if we say in the light
in a nice restaurant with a
pastita etcetera with his wine I think
that you have to avoid talking about sex
of sex is a subject that has to go
doing little by little through the
confidence that you are winning but never
lack in apricot that arrives at church
skinny and how do you like it and then the
thing collides because we say that you have to
enter has to go little by little
more when talking about the love appointment the
beans give me gas is true I do not know
can talk about the bad smells in the
second date after cohabitation
and her mother is very nice on the outside
but for that they are doing well
discover that you need not because you're going to
say a plague the crop that thing is not going
to say
true nothing pain mirrors nothing to see
nothing to see about what topics are not talked about
never on a first love date that does not
talk about food to the woman who does not
talk about that is good good chubby
is that that is a deadly point for the
man who wants it drop that skinny by
first time that roll I do not see you as
that the hair is less the plate is
for and simply what is not what
must speak on a first date I
I think it's a lie, whether one is
to talk about sex also not because I
moment that will come to you always
is waiting for who did it first is
that you should not talk in a first
appointment at the first appointment can not be
speak the future where are we going that
we are not the first we are
knowing that this topic should not be
speak on a date that fail him
do not leave it planted and pay the
account above of course minimum
you must talk on a first date
obvious that your relations to the ex because
sometimes later when you fight that
they take out all the rags you were
as long as they whistle you so you like it
because I told them so do not commit that
mistake that most do it joan pabló
kissed that is what should not be said in
a first love date that should not be
of talking are to the private of family
Cullen is wrong maybe I do not know how to talk about
things that are very personal very intimate
but I'm not going to hire the
first date because it is not not going not
it fits has no foot or head that
it should not be given on a first date
loving you should not ask them is never
how much was left between a
everyone's salary was not presented
parents be dad and mom because also
every person and people who already
they want compromisarios and I believe that
you have to think step by step step by step
you must talk about the ex can not say what
what happened is that my ex picked me all
the days I do not know what is happening that does not
I remember because my ex was already taking me
I do not know what I never had, it does not exist, it was already
besides the only one that's why after
ask him if provisions in the
future
If he knows how to sew stuffed toy, I think that
man you and I are going to a first
what topics should not be discussed in a
first love date obviously
there are others that starter do not love
potentialities and all that of course
there are other ways that you tell them
mention for what you deserve so you
I ask that I told you also never
he wants to give you things never again
they should talk in a love appointment
maiden until the issue is not due
talk or mention on a first date
amorous
to the questions and like it's never
agripina mata lozano you as a counselor
as well as nurses cures cures hearts
that you should not talk in a first
loving date and then you should not talk
of ex of old couples are not
the successes of the six of the other not
because that's how ole plants are like
In addition also they grab land or the
hobbies of other lips are believed
you should not talk about what
it is not bad bad bad bad more bad
we have expired